java c
FINC5001 Foundations in Finance
Semester 2, 2024
Weighting:   25%
Due date: Sunday   13th    October   11:59   PMYou   currently   work   as   a   team   at   a    major    investment    bank    and    have    been    tasked    by   the   Investment   Management   Division   (IMD)   to   analyse   a   stock   that   will   be   incorporated   into   a   portfolio   with   other   assets   from   the   same   market.   You   will   need   to   prepare   a   professional   business   report   that   will   be   submitted   to   the   Investment   Management   Division   (IMD)   that   answers the questions   proposed   in   this   investment   brief as well   as   a final   recommendation.
Stock   Details   [10   marks]
1.          Select   a   publicly   listed   company   that   is   a   constituent   of   the   SP   500   Index   (US),   Russell
1000   Index   (US)   that   has   at   least   10   consecutive   calendar years   of   dividend   history from   2014-2023 (i.e. January   1st, 2014 to   December 31st, 2023). The selected company cannot   be   one   which   is   listed   on   the   last   page   of   the   Assignment   instructions.   Describe   the   company that you   have   chosen,   so   that the   IMD   has   a   comprehensive   understanding   of   its   operations   and   risks   (If the   company   did   not pay   dividends   in   2020   due   to   COVID-19   but paid dividends in every other   year, including   2021   and 2022,   this   will   be   allowed).
2.             Find two news articles from June 1st   to September   10th, 2024 about your chosen company   and   briefly summarise each article   (1 sentence)   .   Briefly explain how the   event(s)   detailed   in the   news articles   have affected your company   (1   sentence)   .
3.          List   the   Global   Industry   Classification   Standard   (GICS)   sector,   industry,   and   sub-industry   for your chosen company.   List one other   public company that   is   in the   same   sub-industry   as   your   chosen   company   and   briefly   describe   its   operations.   This   competitor   does   not   have to   be   listed   in any   of   the   indices   nor   is subject to the   restrictions   in   part   1.
4.          Present   a   table   of   a   current   “stock   quote”   with   the   following   characteristics:   (1)   Current   Price,   (2)   52   Week   Range,   (3)   Market   Cap,   (4)   Beta,   (5)   P/E   Ratio,   (6)   EPS,   (7)   Forward   Dividend   and   Yield,   and   (8)   1   year   Target   Estimate   for   both   your   chosen   company   and   competitor.   Interpret   and   compare   each   characteristic for your   chosen   company   and   its   competitor   for   your    IMD   with    respect   to   four    measures:    Market    Cap,    Beta,    EPS,    and   Forward   Dividend   and   Yield.   Be   specific   about   what   the   values   for   your   company   and   competitor   mean and consider the comparability   of the   measures.
5.          Compare   the   P/E   ratio   of   your   chosen   company   and   the   competitor   to   the   average   P/E   ratio of the   industry of your chosen company.   Compare   these   numbers   with   the   average   P/E   ratio of your chosen stock   market   index   as well.   Discuss   in   detail   with   references.
Summary Statistics and   Risk Characterisation   [25   marks]
6.             List   the   current   US   Government   bond   rates   of   the   following   maturities:   (i)   1-year,   (ii)   5-   year,   (iii)   10-year,   (iv)   20-year,   and   (v)   30-year.   List   and   graph   the   10-year   government   bond   rate   over the time   period   2014-2024. How   has the   10-year   rate changed   over this   period?   In   particular,   has   there   been   a   shift   in   the   10-year   rate   from   2019-2022   (post-   COVID-19)?    Why       do    you      think       this      has      occurred?      Discuss      with      references      to    the   appropriate academic   literature.
7.          Calculate   the   annual    returns    (from   January    1st    to   December   31st    for   each   year)   for   the   market   index that your   chosen   company   belongs to for the   last:   (i)   5-year   period,   (ii)   10-   year   period,   and   (iii)   20-year   period.   Calculate   the   average   annual   return   and   standard   deviation   of   annual    returns   over   these   3   time    periods    using    both    the   arithmetic   and   geometric averages (for the standard deviation, you can use just the arithmetic   average).   Show   your   results   in   a   table.   How   have   these   values   changed   over   time?   What   do   you   think these changes   mean for the average   investor?   Discuss   in   detail.
8.          Calculate   the   annual   returns   (from   January    1st      to   December   31st      for   each   year)   of   your   chosen   company from January   1st,   2014 to   December   31st,   2023. Annualise   all   dividends   paid   out. Calculate the   average   annual   return   and   standard   deviation   of   annual   returns   from   2013-2023   using    both   the   arithmetic   and   geometric   averages    (for   the   standard   deviation,   you   can   use just   the   arithmetic   average).   How   has   your   company   performed   over   this   period?   Do   the   arithmetic   and   geometric   averages   differ   for   your   company?   Why or why   not?   Interpret these   numbers for your   manager.
9.          Calculate the annual beta for your chosen company   returns   using the annual returns from   2014-2023   along   with   the   annual   returns   and   standard   deviation   of   your   market   index   that you   calculated   above.   Compare your   calculated   annual   beta   with the   beta found   in   your   stock   quote.   Are   these values   the   same   or   different?   Explain   and   discuss   why   they   may   be   similar   and/or   different.   Calculate   the   annual   beta   for   the   subperiod   between   2014-2019   (pre-COVID-19)   and   compare   this   number   with   your   other   betas.   Compare   and discuss the stability   (or   instability)   of your   company’s   beta values with   references   to   the appropriate academic   literature.
10.      Graph and compare the   annual   returns and standard deviation of your   company   with the   market   index.   Discuss   and   relate   this   comparison   to   your   company’s   beta(s).   Does   your   beta   calculation   explain   your   company’s   returns   with   respect   to   the   market?   Explain   in   detail why this   mayor   may   not   be the case for your   company.
11.      Using   the   Capital   Asset   Pricing   Model   (CAPM),   calculate   the   required   rate   of   return   on   equity for your chosen company using all   the different government bond rates in part   (7),   as   proxies for the   risk-free   rate. Select one   of   the annual   return calculations calculated   in   part   (6), as a   proxy for the expected   market   returns   and justify   your   choice.   Discuss   how   appropriate your   choices   areas   proxies for the theoretical values   in   the   CAPM   equation   for your specific   company.
Growth   Rates and Valuation   [30   marks]
12.      Estimate   the   growth   rate   of   your   chosen   company’s   cash   flows   by   using   the   following   three   methods:
(a)    Calculate and list the   annual growth rates for dividends from 2014-2023 (For any years   within your sample with anomalous dividend growth rates discuss why this might have   occurred.   If your company did   not   pay dividends in   2020 due to COVID-19   just   use   the   dividends in the prior year as a proxy). Calculate the arithmetic and geometric average   annual   growth   rate   of   dividends   over   this   period.   Also   calculate   the   arithmetic   and   geometric   average   annual growth   rate   of dividends for the subperiod   between   2014-   2019 (pre-COVID-19) and compare the values. Do you think your company’s dividends   will   grow   at   these   rates   for   the   foreseeable   future?   Explain   in   detail   why   or   why   not   with   references.
(b)   Calculate   and   list   the   annual   growth   rates   for   net   income   from   2014-2023   (For   any   years   within   your   sample   with   anomalous   net   income   growth   rates   discuss   why代 写FINC5001 Foundations in Finance Semester 2, 2024Prolog
代做程序编程语言   this   might   have occurred). Calculate the arithmetic and   geometric   average   annual   growth   rate    of    net    income    over    this    period.    Also    calculate    the    arithmetic    and    geometric average annual growth rate of net income for the   subperiod between 2014-2019 (pre-   COVID-19) and compare the values. Do   you think your company’s net income will grow   at   these    rates    for    the   foreseeable   future?    Explain    in    detail    why    or    why    not      with   references.
(c)      Using   the   formula   g   =   b   *   ROE,   calculate   and   list   the   growth   rates,   plowback   ratios,   and   ROE   for   the   time   period   between   2014-2023   (For   any   years   within   your   sample   with   anomalous   plowback   ratios   and/or   ROE   discuss   why   this   might   have   occurred)   .   Calculate   the   arithmetic   and   geometric   average   annual   growth   rate   over   this   period   (remove   any   rates that   are   negative from your   sample). Also   calculate the   arithmetic   and   geometric   average   annual   growth   rate   for   the   subperiod   between   2014-2019   (pre-COVID-19) and compare   the values (remove any rates that are negative from   your   sample).   Do   you   think   this   method   of   calculating   growth   rates   is   useful   for   valuation   for your specific company?   Explain   in detail   why   or why   not   with   references.
13.      Using   the   Discounted   Cash   Flow   (DCF)   models   you   have   learnt   in   FINC5001,   determine   the   intrinsic value   of your   chosen   company   using   an   appropriate   required   rate   of   return   (from part 11) and   (a) growth   rate(s)   (from part 12). Justify the choices   and   assumptions   you   have   made   in   undertaking this   calculation   in   detail   and why you   did   not   choose   any   other      values       instead.       Discuss       why      you      chose      your      valuation       model       and       its       key   assumptions   and   why   you   believe   your   chosen   rates   satisfy   these   assumptions   for   your   specific    company.    Do    you    think    the    GGM    is    preferred    to    a    two-stage    or    multi-stage   growth   model for your   company? Why?   Explain   all the   questions   above   in   detail.   (If   you   make deviations   from the choices in part 11 and/or part 12, clearly   justify why you made these   changes   and   why   these   new   values   are   more   sensible for   this   analysis   for   your   specific   company).
14.      Draw   a    cash   flow   timeline    (like    discussed    in    the    Modules)    of   your    company’s    future   dividends   (implied   by your valuation   model   in part   13) to   support the   discussion   above.   In   the   cash   flow   timeline,   include   annual   projected   dividends   implied   by   your   model   up   to at   least the   year   2026.
15.      Calculate   the   Present   Value   of   Growth   Opportunities   (PVGO)   for   your   chosen   company   using the current stock   price.   Interpret this value   for your   company for   your   manager.
16.    The values that you   have   utilised in part 13   represent only one   possible set   of choices   for   a valuation   model. Your task   is to   perform. a sensitivity table   on   the   intrinsic   value   of   the   chosen   company.   Create   a   two-way   sensitivity   table   to   show   how   changes   in   the   key   variables of the   DCF   model affect the   intrinsic value.   Discuss your   results.
Recommendation   [22   marks]
17.      Using    the    DCF    analyses      performed      in    parts      1-16,      make      a      recommendation,      in      one   paragraph (max word count 200), for your chosen company   as to   whether   to   buy,   sell,   or   hold this stock,   using your analysis in part 13   as   your   main   guide.
18.      Large   language   models   (LLM)   such   as   ChatGPT   have   become   a   very   powerful   tool   for   financial   analysis.   Nevertheless,   like   any   tool,   using   it   without   a   solid   understanding   of   underlying financial concepts may lead to misleading answers. Ask ChatGPT to make both   a   positive   and   negative   stock   recommendation   for   your   chosen   company.   You   will   use   this   information for   part   19.   Summarize   the   ChatGPT   input   in   your   own   words   in   one   paragraph   (max   word   count   150).   Cite the   output   link   for   ChatGPT within the Appendix.   Find the appropriate citations and   references for any used   in your summary   (i.e. ChatGPT   will tell you facts with   no   references. Your job   is to find those   references)   . (Example text:   Give   me   a   positive   recommendation   for   Coca-Cola   stock.)
19.      For   which   range   of   values   for   your   future   estimates   of   growth   rates   and   discount   rates   would you suggest a buy recommendation, and which range of values would you   suggest   asell   recommendation   (i.e.   for   growth   rates   greater/lower   than   X%   and   discount   rates   greater/lower   than   Y%,    I    recommend    buy/sell)?    Which    of    these    ranges      sound      more   reasonable   to   you   and   why?   Does   your   original   recommendation   in   part   17   still   sound   reasonable?   Using   both   your findings   in this   entire   report   along   with part   18,   discuss   in   detail why   or   why   not.   Within your   discussion   detail   the   limitations   of your   analysis   and   assumptions   relative   to   your   specific   company   chosen.    Finally,   discuss   which    parts   of   ChatGPT’s    analyses    you   found    useful    for    your    analysis    that    you    had    not    considered   before. Do you believe everything ChatGPT told you? Why or why not? Provide examples.   For parts of the ChatGPT analysis that sound reasonable to you, be sure to find the proper   citation   (i.e.   ChatGPT   will   tell   you   facts   with   no   references.   Your   job   is   to   find   those   references).   Also   do   not just   copy   and   paste   ChatGPT’s   output   but   summarize   and   take   the   key   points   you   find   reasonable   for   your   analysis.   You   are   also   free   to   use   external   information   outside   of   the   ChatGPT   analysis   from   part   18   if   you   feel   it    bolsters   your   analysis.
20.      Using your findings in parts 17-19   make a   final recommendation,   in   one   paragraph   (max   word count   150), for your chosen company   as   to   whether   to   buy,   sell,   or   hold   this   stock.
Presentation and overall style   of the   report   [5   marks]
Peer evaluation   (will be made available after the due date)   [8   marks]
•         List and date all your data sources. Depending on the day   and   time   with   which you   collect   the data, this will be different. For each   set of   data used in the report,   present a screenshot   of   this    data    in    the    Appendix.    For    the    ChatGPT    analysis,    provide    the    output    link    that   ChatGPT   provides.
•         Investopedia and   Wikipedia are   not allowed as references.
•       Justifications    in      the      report    should    be    made      with    references      to      appropriate      academic   literature.
•          The   Excel   workbook needs   to   be properly   formatted   and appropriately   labelled such   that   the   instructors   can   read, interpret your calculations, and replicate   all   results presented   in   the report   without assistance.
•          With   the   rise   of generative AI   (i.e.   ChatGPT),   it   has   become   apparent   when   students   use   these   tools   without citation   as   there   are stylistic and   tonal inconsistencies   within student   reports.   Please   keep   a   consistent   style   throughout.   A   good   idea   is   to   task   one   member   (ideally your best   writer)   to   keep   the style   of the report consistent. Any suspected misuse   of   generative   AI   or   large   stylistic   inconsistencies   in   the   report   maybe   deducted   a   penalty of up   to   15%,   with significant breaches reported to   the academic integrity   team   as stated   below.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
